---
title: "2015"
permalink: /about-northland/achievements/current-student-achievements/2015/
description: ""
---
<p><strong>CHONG PANG'S NEXT TOP SPEAKER 2015<br /></strong>Our Northstar, Leong Mei Xuan has done NSS proud! Mei Xuan of Sec 3EA beat 54 contestants from the other schools to emerge as a Champion in the Chong Pang's Next Top Speaker (Grand Finals) held on 4 Nov 2015. Congratulations to Mei Xuan!</p>
<iframe src="https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/e/2PACX-1vQw8-6isrTljinMWFOCAxo_S-d9ppK_Hz8PrHGr6b2vlc_X78TYXRoWtKplYiqHccX_ELsR87oec-zA/embed?start=false&loop=false&delayms=10000" frameborder="0" width="960" height="569" allowfullscreen="true"></iframe>
<p><strong>NPCC INTER-UNIT .22 REVOLVER SHOOTING COMPETITION 2015</strong></p>
<p>Congratulations&nbsp;to our&nbsp;<strong>NPCC TEAM</strong>&nbsp;for taking the 8th position in the&nbsp;NPCC Inter-Unit .22 Revolver Shooting Competition 2015. The<strong>&nbsp;Northland's Girls' Team</strong>&nbsp;emerged as 8th out of the 131 competing teams. Well Done!!!</p>
<p><strong>NORTH WEST OUTSTANDING ALL ROUNDER STUDENT AWARD 2015</strong></p>
<p>Muhammad Yasier Bin Abdul Karim of Sec 4TA has been awarded the North West Outstanding All Rounder Student Award 2015 &ndash; CDC Level.</p>
<p>The award is presented to outstanding students in recognition of their contribution and support provided to North West CDC.</p>
<p>Congratulations Muhammad Yasier!</p>
<hr>
<p><strong>NEE SOON EAST ON-THE-SPOT ART COMPETITION (CATEGORY C)</strong></p>
<p>The art department is delighted to announce that 5 of our students have emerged champions for the Nee Soon East On-The-Spot Art Competition (Category C) held on 14th March 2015.&nbsp;</p>
<p>The winners are:<br />1) JASMINE LIM (1NB)<br />2) REHANA BEGUM NIZAMUDEEN (2EA)<br />3) KHAIRUNNISA BTE KAMARUSZAMAN (2EA)<br />4) PRASIKAA D/O APPALANAIDU (2EA)<br />5) YI RAN (2TB)</p>
<p>Congratulations Jasmine Lim, Rehana Begum Nizamudeen, Khairunnisa Bte Kamaruszaman, Prasikaa D/O Appalanaidu and Yi Ran.&nbsp;</p>
<hr>
<p><strong>NUS GEOGRAPHY CHALLENGE 2015</strong></p>
<iframe src="https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/e/2PACX-1vTfid-I6he-sFwq2U_GHPUeRwuSJ7FsxDt0z1HoVTX3qjuRTapyNWmNV87Jo84xC3UZJ3GvqHk1T84T/embed?start=false&loop=false&delayms=10000" frameborder="0" width="960" height="569" allowfullscreen="true"></iframe>
<p>The Humanities Department is pleased to announce that 4 of our students were awarded Certification of Participation for their effort in NUS Geography Challenge 2015, held on 28 February 2015.</p>