---
title: Updates & Announcements
permalink: /student-matters/secondary-four-n-five/updates-n-announcements/
description: ""
third_nav_title: Secondary Four & Five
---
<h4 style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>Northstars Shine! - Release of 2021 GCE O-level Results<br /></strong></h4>
<p style="font-weight: 400;">On Monday 12 January, graduating students from Northland Secondary School received their GCE O-level results.&nbsp; All of them were given a warmly received by our School Leaders and Year Head. &nbsp;After a briefing, the graduating students received their result slips from their respective Form Teachers.</p>
<iframe src="https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/e/2PACX-1vRjuJQESK9J8dZ3kuu8i6DVOxXSEMHuUnlEWH_An9mcLMHaoYQg5gYrfLld8RtONSd0XcXnXmwW3t7i/embed?start=false&loop=false&delayms=10000" frameborder="0" width="960" height="569" allowfullscreen="true" ></iframe>
<p>Our top students paid tribute to their family, friends and teachers for being with them in this journey. Wang Jingxi (4R1) recalled&nbsp;how she was welcomed by her teachers and classmates when she first stepped into the school and thanked them for the academic and emotional care and support.&nbsp;So what is the next step for our successful Northstars? Chong Yuan Bang, Li Ao and Tew Kang Yan from 4R1 have set their sights on entering a Junior College while Kiam Jian Joe (4R1) has decided to enter a desired course in the Polytechnic. Hikaru Tan (5R1) would like&nbsp;to do something that suits his interests and strengths</p>
<p>Our Northstars would also like to share some tips with their juniors about preparing for examinations. Kang Yan shared that&nbsp;there are no limits to what you can accomplish, except the limits you place on yourself.&nbsp;Li Ao (4R1) said, &ldquo;Learning is never something easy, everyone struggles. However, you should always believe in yourself and never give up. I trust that all of you have the potential to perform even better and make Northland proud!&rdquo;</p>
<h4><strong>Northstars Shine! - Release of 2021 GCE N-level Results</strong></h4>
<p>On Friday, 17 December 2021, graduating students from Northland Secondary School received their GCE N-level results. All of them were warmly welcomed by our School Leaders and Year Head. In the Normal Academic course, over 60% of our 4NA students qualified to come back for Secondary 5 and 49 students qualified for the Direct-Entry-Scheme to Polytechnic Programme (DPP). In the Normal Technical course, 100% of the students qualified for post-secondary education in the Institute of Technical Education (ITE).</p>
<iframe src="https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/e/2PACX-1vRmnxHXglNJTOqSI-4Q72lAOjdYIasTC_a5AjQfEdMGdctwp4o46-P_GWogERJDFLXZlIuuc15nkHQq/embed?start=false&loop=false&delayms=10000" frameborder="0" width="960" height="569" allowfullscreen="true"></iframe>
<p>Our top performers paid tribute to their teachers, parents and peers for their tremendous support. They appreciated the unrelenting support given by their teachers, many of whom spent extra time to coach them and encourage them. Linus Low (4R3) is grateful to the school for helping him acquire good habits and imparting him with important life lessons that he believes will help him in the test of life. Chang Kai Cong (4R2), Chin Jun Hao (4R2) and Andy Low (4R4) have set their eyes on the Polytechnic Foundation Programme (PFP). &nbsp;Linus wants to pursue his passion in Games Art and Design in ITE.&nbsp;Teo Rui En (4R7) has decided to pursue Video Production and Syaza Qurratu'aini (4R6) hopes to&nbsp;get into&nbsp;Chemical Process Technology in ITE.</p>
<p>The students were asked what advice they would like to share with their juniors. Andy encourages his juniors to work hard for every examination as every examination is actually a milestone to know where they stand.&nbsp;Kristina Dwi (4R4) encourages her juniors not to let setbacks discourage them, let them be lessons try even harder and always have belief. Rui En emphasises, &ldquo;Success doesn&rsquo;t come unless you work hard for it!&rdquo; Kerroy Tam (4R6) says,&nbsp;&ldquo;Be prepared, start small, continue the momentum and end strong!&rdquo; Lastly, Michelle Lim (4R4) shares, &ldquo;Things will definitely be tough. However if you put in enough effort and resilience, you will do well. Remember - you are not alone and you can always ask for help from your teachers and classmates!&rdquo;</p>
<p>Once again, congratulations Northstars for your stellar performances!&nbsp;</p>
<h4><strong>Release of 2020 GCE O-Level Results</strong><strong>&nbsp;</strong></h4>
<p>On Monday 11 January 2021, graduating students from Northland Secondary School received their GCE O-level results.&nbsp; All of them were given a warmly received by our School Leaders and Year Head. &nbsp;After a briefing, the graduating students received their result slips from their respective Form Teachers.</p>
<p>Our top students paid tribute to their teachers for being with them in this journey. Thet Htar Su San (4R1) and Yang Mingran (4R1) thanked their Form Teachers, Mr Taufiq and Mrs Lydia Goh for their continuous encouragement and support. Ho Jia Soon (5R1) thanked Mr Derek Han for always being there to spread joy and laughter, and making &lsquo;the moon a little less lonely&rsquo;. He also thanked Mrs. Kirishnan for her abundance of energy and making &lsquo;the sun shine a little brighter&rsquo;. He also thanked his Form Teachers Mrs Veronica Voo and Mr Ou Jianwen for their care, guidance and patience.</p>
<p>So what is the next step for our successful Northstars? Su San has set her sights to study Banking and Finance in Ngee Ann Polytechnic and Mingran has decided to pursue her studies in a junior college. Jia Soon was more philosophical. He would embark on a journey to find his &ldquo;why&rdquo;. He explained, &ldquo;Without a &ldquo;why&rdquo;, there is no &ldquo;where&rdquo;. Perhaps I can find my &ldquo;why&rdquo; through the world of science.&rdquo;</p>
<p>Our Northstars would also like to share some tips with their juniors about preparing for examinations. Su San shared, &ldquo;Hard work will pay off. So please put in your best effort!&rdquo; and Mingran reiterated, &ldquo;You reap what you sow.&rdquo; Jia Soon exhorted, &ldquo;The future is now and it starts with you. So make your life count.&rdquo; Once again, congratulations Northstars!</p>